Update readme (#31)
trivago/prettier-plugin-sort-imports: README.md

npm run example examples/example.tsx
```

> #### Q. How to use the plugin with `*.d.ts` files ?

Reviewer: Very nice! 👍

The plugin automatically ignores the  `*.d.ts` files. We encourage you to declare the `*.d.ts` files in `.prettierignore`. (Read more here)[https://prettier.io/docs/en/ignore.html#ignoring-files-prettierignore].  

> #### Q. How do the plugin handles the first commnet in the file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Q. How does the plugin handle the first comment in the file. 
```
